[Music]
a hidden crisis in the basement of balas
Al
Hospital Alexa hospital is supplied with
20,000 lers of fuel every eight days we
were supposed to have received that
quantity two days ago we had 10,000 lers
as backup but that's been consumed over
the past two days we only have enough
fuel for 24 hours an hour ago we
received 2,000 lers it's not enough for
half a day
all of these
tanks are empty because for more than 5
days Ken Abu salim's crossing the
commercial Crossing has been uh closed
where no fuel entered the Gaza Strip
according to the health official they're
saying that this is only the only tank
that has fuel left and those who run the
generators no shortages here translate
to very real problems on the wordss
above
we have intensive care we have a nursery
with 24 incubators for newly born babies
such cases are at risk of dying at any
moment if the power goes out we also
have a busy schedule of surgery that
runs around the clock if this situation
is not dealt with today the generator
will be turned off tomorrow the
Palestinian Ministry of Health is
warning that if fuel does not enter the
Gaza Strip and especially to this
Hospital in Dar balah it's going to shut
down and the humanitarian and health
situation is going to collapse this is
hind Al jaaz Al OA Hospital D balah Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer